Hi, Carlos Tapang here. I've been in the flatcoin business since 2022. I consider myself a flatcoin expert. I am very knowledgeable about money and finance in general, even though I am just a software engineer by profession. In the additional information, I have put links to a number of LinkedIn posts about IRMA, the inflation-resistant medium of account which is the subject of this hackathon entry.
US dollar inflation, when it comes, will be devastating not only to residents of the united states, but also to billions of people around the world. Flatcoins give us the opportunity to fix the inflation problem, in a manner suggested by FA Hayek in his seminal book, The Denationalization of Money. If Hayek were alive today, I have no doubt that he would not only welcome flatcoins, but would be overjoyed that his ideas can now finally be realized.
I don't have to state here how large the flatcoin market is. I just want to say that a Dune Analytics report from March mentions that, even though Solana started 2024 as the dominant chain for flatcoins, holding 50-60% of the market, its share has since declined from July 2024 onward. Solana briefly reclaimed the top position in December 2024 and January 2025, only to drop again after that. I offer IRMA for Solana to gain the top market share for flatcoin transactions.
As you can see in my LinkedIn posts, feedback about IRMA has been positive. My posts have gained more than 1,000 impressions combined.
My vision for IRMA is for it to become a real medium of account, the standard by which all other flatcoins will be measured. It's difficult to see it now, but FA Hayek's competing private-issue money will come in the form of fiat flatcoins. Once the Fed loses control of USD inflation, flatcoins will become private-issue money, and there will be several competing with each other for stability. Henceforth the phrase "monetary inflation" will be no more.

I am really sad to say that I did not complete the code for the IRMA program, but I did complete the main pricing mechanism and in fact I have a demo that shows how it would work.